# Oxygen Reflection

Dracula’s Guest is about an Englishman traveling through Munich on the way to Transylvania. Ignoring the advice of his coachman, the Englishman decides to visit a deserted, unholy village where the dead do not truly stay dead. The passage from this short story I am coding comes from the scene where the Englishman tries to find shelter, only to find a tomb with an iron spike driven through it and a spooky inscription.

The google doc exercise was actually very helpful to the process of coding. Simply going through the passage and annotating different features allows for a smooth transition into Oxygen. Leaving comments after highlighting a feature is important when trying to code it right in the software. Some of the things I made note of were quotes, paragraphs, and Em-dashes. I also had an inscription which many others did not have in their passage. Although this sounds very simple, it will be useful for noticing what I have to tag in the actual coding process.

Coding was the hardest part of this project. I was very stressed when Professor Stover mentioned coding.I  have some experience in this field from my data analytics class using Rstudio, however she is having us use Oxygen. It was very frustrating understanding the syntax for different features of the passage but Professor Stover was really helpful during class. There were also instructions for how to use the tags properly on the course website that also helped me personally.

The TEI project definitely got me out of my comfort zone, however it was fun learning about coding and understanding the importance of it. This project also helped me see how coding can be integrated into not only STEM, but literature as well. It was a fun exercise getting to use the software Oxygen even though it was frustrating at first.
